feat: Add proxy docs (#200)
cloudquery/docs: docs/configuration/proxy-configuration.md

> # Proxy settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using CloudQuery CLI with a Proxy Server
```

> Proxy can be set using standard environment variables for proxy configuration. It allows to run cloudquery traffic through a proxy server. To configure a proxy for `https` requests set `HTTPS_PROXY` environment variable. For `http` requests set `HTTP_PROXY` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run the CloudQuery CLI in an environment that requires a proxy server for outgoing traffic, you'll need to set a it via environment variables. To configure a proxy server for HTTPS traffic set the `HTTPS_PROXY` environment variable. For HTTP traffic set the `HTTP_PROXY` environment variable.
```

Reviewer: This suggested format follows:
1. Describe the use case
2. Describe the solution

Instead of only describing `how`, we describe both the `why` and the `how`

Example:

```bash
export HTTPS_PROXY=http://example.com:3128/proxy
export HTTP_PROXY=http://example.com:3128/proxy
cloudquery fetch 
```

:::tip

> `HTTPS` in `HTTPS_PROXY` variable name means that it is a proxy for `https` requests, not the type of proxy, so value can start with `http://`.

Reviewer: Nice 🚀

> `HTTPS` in `HTTPS_PROXY` variable name means that it is a proxy for `https` requests, not the type of proxy, so value can start with `http://`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HTTPS` in `HTTPS_PROXY` variable name means that it is a proxy for HTTPS requests, and not the protocol of the proxy, so its value can start with `http://`.
```

Author: let's continue in #201
